Respect setup.pipelines.enabled for pipeline loading (#51060)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/load-ingest-pipelines.md

# Load ingest pipelines [load-ingest-pipelines]

> The ingest pipelines used to parse log lines are set up automatically when you run Filebeat, assuming the {{es}} output is enabled. {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.6` To turn off automatic pipeline loading during normal publishing, set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ingest pipelines used to parse log lines are set up automatically when you run Filebeat, assuming the {{es}} output is enabled. 

{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.6` To turn off automatic pipeline loading during normal publishing, set:
```

```yaml
setup.pipelines.enabled: false
```

> Use this setting only when the required pipelines have already been loaded or are managed separately. If you’re sending events to {{ls}} you need to load the ingest pipelines manually. To do this, run the `setup` command with the `--pipelines` option specified.  You also need to enable the modules and filesets, this can be accomplished several ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this setting only when the required pipelines have already been loaded or are managed separately. If you’re sending events to {{ls}}, you need to load the ingest pipelines manually. To do this, run the `setup` command with the `--pipelines` option specified. You also need to enable the modules and filesets using one of the following methods.
```
